---
layout: post
author: Collin B
title: Welcome to my Blog
---

# Welcome to my ramblings

## Who Am I?

My name is Collin; I go by "wagon" often, though, online. I have been in tech since I was old enough to understand what it was, and I have been working professionally in the sector for almost six years now. Shortly after entering the field in a professional capacity, I discovered a passion for all aspects of cybersecurity, particularly reverse engineering and threat analysis/intelligence. I will be finishing my bachelor's degree this year and continuing to pursue a master's degree in engineering from the SANS Institute of Technology. Cybersecurity really is something I enjoy doing, both for work and in a recreational capacity. My goal with this blog is to help share that passion with other young cybersecurity enthusiasts and professionals.  

## What You'll Find Here

I spend a significant amount of my time participating in various CTFs and other cyber-based challenges; therefore, I will post all my writeups here. My skills have also progressed to the point where I am occasionally conducting original research, so any reports or information regarding that will be shared on this blog. 

TLDR;
- CTF Writeups
- HTB Sherlock Writeups
- Threat Research
- Guides on various topics for beginners
- Anything else I decide....

## My Philosphy

The only things I enjoy as much as cybersecurity are teaching and sharing knowledge - both bring me tremendous joy. I'm using this blog as a platform to help educate others in our field. \
There's been ongoing discourse in the industry about "oversaturation," particularly at the entry level. While I believe this concern has merit, I think a significant portion of entry-level candidates are lacking fundamental skills and basic understanding of core technology principles. Rather than contributing to gatekeeping, I want to help bridge that knowledge gap. \
My goal is to break down complex security concepts, share practical research methods, and help others build the foundational understanding that will serve them throughout their careers

